CNV-15425: Add CNV NUMA topology docs (#99140)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-NUMA-limitations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /virt/managing_vms/advanced_vm_management/virt-NUMA-topology.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="virt-NUMA-limitations_{context}"]
= Limitations of NUMA for {VirtProductName}

> When you are using NUMA topology with {VirtProductName} VMs, certain limitations can impact performance and VM management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
When you use NUMA topology with {VirtProductName} VMs, certain limitations can impact performance and VM management.
```

Asymmetrical topology:: The host scheduler cannot guarantee assigning specific NUMA nodes to a VM. For example, if a VM is rescheduled to a different host machine because of a restart or maintenance, the new host might have a different physical NUMA layout. This means that the VM could be presented with an asymmetrical NUMA topology that reflects the new host's configuration, rather than its original or desired layout. This change can have a negative impact on the VM's performance.

Live migration challenges:: Migrating a NUMA-enabled VM to a different host node can be challenging if the destination node's NUMA topology differs significantly from the source node's. A mismatch between the NUMA layouts of the source and destination can lead to a degradation of the VM's performance after the migration is complete.

> No support for GPU NUMA zones:: There is no explicit support for passing GPU NUMA zone information to the VM. This means that the VM's guest operating system is not aware of the NUMA locality of PCI devices such as GPUs. For workloads that heavily rely on these devices, this lack of awareness could potentially lead to reduced performance if the GPU's memory is not local to the accessing CPU within the NUMA architecture.

Author: Updated
